This is the Amit laboratory notebook code for Mark Stoehr.  The goals for this project are:

1) Record the exact experiment done and enable anyone to reproduce the
   experiments.  Previously, I was using the 'Experiments' directory
   primarily to develop new code.  This was because it was
   conceptually useful to divide the code that had bugs and was being
   worked on versus the code I could generally rely on to do my
   experiments.  Tests are still getting to the point where they are
   going to be incorporated.  My current idea is to have code
   development and experiments happen in completely separate
   directories.  The experiments are special in that they need to be
   able to run for essentially anybody who has the data and who has
   downloaded the code.

2) Have a simpler way of specifying which experiments have been done
   and organizing the experiments based on that as well as giving
   basic summaries of what happened in the experiment.  One way to go
   about this is to have config files that are transformed into python
   code.  At present I am using something like that but doing it in an
   inelegant way within the script.  Config files mean that generating
   summaries will be easier although the code generation is harder,
   and I might end up using something crazy like Haskell.

3) Have graphics generated automatically

4) Keep a writeup for the experiment, with two components: the setup
   (related to potential config files) and a discussion of the
   experimental results.

5) Record of inter-experimental provenance.  I want to keep track of why
   an experiment is run and what led me to think that experiment is a good idea
   to run, and I want this to reflect what else holds within the code.  These links
   should be written in a simple and general format so that I can easily generate
   graphs and summaries of how the experiments relate to each other.

6) Building off of the ideas in (5) I want a general bibliography for
   everything so that when papers are influencing my ideas they should
   also be included in the provenance map.

7) Parallel to this notebook is the development of the algorithms that
   make the experiments possible.  I also want to make references to
   those algorithms as they are developed.  The algorithm notebook is
   in the 'Development' directory.

